[DOC-9734] Update Feature Availability pages for new plans (#18913)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/common/aws-privatelink-basic.md

> AWS PrivateLink is not available on CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }}. For {{ site.data.products.basic }} clusters that were migrated from CockroachDB Serverless, existing PrivateLink connections continue to work, but private connections cannot be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS PrivateLink is not available on CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }}. For {{ site.data.products.basic }} clusters that were migrated from CockroachDB Serverless, existing [PrivateLink connections]({% link cockroachcloud/aws-privatelink.md %}) continue to work, but new PrivateLink connections cannot be added.
```
